Enga
Taneema
What's this?
You don't know about dogs, cats and cats.
Don't be so ridiculous.
Dogs, cats and raccoons are all the same.
What are you talking about?
I'll ask them to forgive you.
You idiot.
What did you say?
I said I'd kill you.
Don't come out of the village.
Go home.
Don't let your parents know.
I'm your temporary home.
I'll kill you like a bug.
I won't let you die.
I'll kill you.
Go home.
Good evening.
What's this?
Who are you?
I'm Tanuki.
I don't know.
I don't have a heart.
I'll be your heart.
Don't be ridiculous.
I saved your car.
I don't know what to do.
You scared me.
I'm sorry.
I'm Tanuki.
I told you I'd be human.
I don't like your nonsense.
What should I do?
Open the door.
I won't.
I'll open the door.
You'll open the door.
Go in.
Tanuki.
What?
I was scared.
I didn't say anything.
They're scary.
Tanuki.
What are you afraid of?
Tanuki is scared.
Come here.
I'm here.
I'll go in the back.
Hello.
Thank you for your help.
I'm glad to hear it.
I see.
You did a great job.
Don't be ridiculous.
You should go in.
You're welcome.
Don't be ridiculous.
You should go in.
I won't go to your house today.
I won't stay,
and I have to go.
Take care of yourself.
Yes, I'll be careful.
Fix yourself, give some money to those men,
Yes, come on, do you have to ask me over worth of your money?
No, I'm just a baby.
Hahahaha, mean the while you say.
Oh! Be nice!